(Jieyu)
1. Interviewee Mr. Liang is a 23-year-old graduate student at Cornell University. He cooks 4~5 times per week. He spends about 5 hours per week on cooking. He cooks based both on his knowledge and something new he learned online (not necessarily from recipe apps). He enjoys making cakes and would like to learn recipes online for cakes. He does not care about how much time he spends on making cakes, but for recipes other than those for cakes, he wants them to be time-saving. He enjoys searching for cake recipes that both look nice and taste delicious. He will carefully read the recipe and see if it seems delicious to him or not. He will only follow the recipes with great reviews. He doesn’t check the recipe when he is cooking because he does not think it is convinient. He thinks that even if he uses the recipe, he may still fail to make cakes because sometimes it is hard to control the amount of ingredients he puts. 

2. Interviewee Mr. Li is a 19-year-old undergraduate student at UCSD. He spends 15 hours a week in cooking. He looks at recipes not only when he is cooking, but also he looks at them when he is free. He looks at what he has in the refridgerator then decide what he will cook. He does not use a specific recipe app. Instead, he likes to watch videos on YouTube about how to cook something. He watches those videos for fun. He prefers to watch long videos (like those on youtube) than short videos (like those on Tiktok) for recipes. Although he is a big fan of Youtube, he says that Youtube is not a perfect place for learning new recipes because he needs to do the search on his own. He will not review the videos when cooking because he thinks that it's not convenient. He prefers those recipe videos on youtube that are concrete and clear about each step. He also like to look at visualized recipes. He will read the recipes for many times before he starts cooking. He will avoid looking at the recipe again and again when he is cooking, but will check it again if he needs. On Sundays, he may cook a great amount of food for the next week to save time. 