Our app name is Facipe. It's main users are those who have limited time in cooking and want to make the best use of the ingredients that they already have. We choose these audience based on our interviews with the users where we learned that people want to find a recipe based on existing ingredients. Moreover, people want step-by-step instructions with visual presentations. They hope that they can know how much time a recipe will take so that they can better manage their schedules. That's why we create Facipe which provides thorough step-by-step recipes to help users make delicious dishes. Each dish is labelled with estimated time and tastes. Users can also see the comments and people's ratings. Let's take a closer look at the scenarios and how our product resolves users' pain points.

Jason needs a quick dinner that can be prepared within 15 minutes using what he has in his fridge. By clicking the "Quick Meal" button on the app, Jason can use the slide bar and tell the app how much time he has. Facipe can filter the recipes that takes less than 15 minutes for Jason. Jason can also click the ingredients he has in the filter. All the recipes are provided with photos on the browsing page. The photos are labelled with estimated time on their upper left corner. Jason can look at the rating and pictures to decide which one he wants. He can click a recipe to go to the details page. In the details page, he can see a step-by-step instruction which allows him to prepare his food in a given time frame using what he already has in his fridge.

Amy likes to explore new recipes. She can tap the "Trending" button in the app to see the highly-rated recipes. She can save a recipe she likes for later use. By clicking the "Saved" button, she can see what she has saved and refer to them for cooking. Amy cares about the taste of food, and she can actually see the taste such as "spicy" when she browses the app. She can also see what type of cuisine it is, such as "Asian".